added trusty-to-xenial-migration-guide.md (#2471)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/trusty-to-xenial-migration-guide.md

---
title: Ubuntu Trusty to Ubuntu Xenial Migration Guide
layout: en
---

> As of August, 13th 2019, we're switching the default Linux distribution on Travis CI from Ubuntu Trusty 14.04 LTS to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of August, 13th 2019, we've switched the default Linux distribution on Travis CI from Ubuntu Trusty 14.04 LTS to
```

For example, to update the `git-lfs` version, you’d need to explicitly specify the source in your config:

You can find the full list of sources that have been used and to install packages and then were removed [here](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/xenial#third-party-apt-repositories-removed).

```
addons:
  apt:
    sources:
    	- github-git-lfs-xenial
    packages:
    	- git-lfs
```

### 3. Headless browser testing

To use headless browser testing, you now start `xvfb` via the services key, like this:

```
services:
  - xvfb
```

> If you had configured `xvfb` manually in your trusty builds, please replace it with the services key above, which is also easier to maintain!

## To recap!

The default build environment is Ubuntu Xenial 16.04. You can identify if your repository is now running on Xenial by checking your build log, under Operating System Details like:

![OS details](/images/2019-04-15-xenial-build-log.png)

Jobs run on Xenial, display Operating System Details, Description: Ubuntu 16.04.5 LTS

> You can find the specific versions of what’s pre-installed in the Xenial Reference docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the specific versions of what’s pre-installed in the [Xenial Reference docs](/user/reference/xenial/).
```
